Data types references (#4159)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Data/Data-Types/index.md

![Content Picker References](images/viewing-data-type-reference.png)

This gives you an overview of the Types that currently use the Data Type.

> Learn more about tracking Data Type references in the [Tracking](../../../Extending/Property-Editors/Tracking/) article.

Author: True! I was just thinking that if someone wanted to learn more about tracking... 
There are also some code samples in the tracking article, that might be relevant!

We can leave it out, for sure!

> Learn more about tracking Data Type references in the [Tracking](../../../Extending/Property-Editors/Tracking/) article.

Reviewer: Ah ok, then maybe you can rephrase it as:

```suggestion
Learn more about viewing references or implementing tracking in the [Tracking References](../../../Extending/Property-Editors/Tracking/) article.
```
